
   #### Developing Data Products : Spatial Data Visualization : A Shiny Application
   
   This repository contains the files for this project.
   
   Following are the main files in this repository :
   
   ui.R                 : Shiny UI 'R' File for user interface.
   
   server.R             : Shiny server 'R' file.
   
   index.Rmd     :  The main **Rmd** file for reproducing the slidify HTML presentation.
                    It is recommended to use RStudio for that. Please note that due to some technical issues
					in slidify/runDoc as well as in latest RStudio presenter, the 'LIVE' slides from
					a running application could not be captured. Hence, in the Rmd, a captured image
					file has been included. Quite a bit of time was spent in analyzing the problem, but
					slidify/runDoc as well as RStudio presenter both could not render the application
					and no error was observed on console or RStudio.
   
   index.md      :  Markdown file generated by slidify.
   
   index.html    : HTML 'Slide' file generated by slidify. File should run as a presentation and has been
                   tested good on Microsoft Edge (Windows 10) as well as FireFox.
				   Use SPACE bar Or Arrow Keys to navigate through slides.
				   
	about.md     : 'About' Info markdown file used in the application.
   
   'libraries', 'assets' and 'figures' sub folders are also added just in case.
   
   **data** folder contains all the 14 data files needed in case full re-production is to be done.
   
   Shiny Application has been hosted at :  https://xde0037.shinyapps.io/MySlide
   ( this link some time gives Http 500 error , however it status shows running )
  
     RPUBS Presentation LINK : http://rpubs.com/xde0037/183279

     https://xde0037.shinyapps.io/Test02/    #ShinyIO Uploaded link,
